miss Ian is like a man washing his face
in blood
he thinks she's making his face clean he
thinks she's presenting himself as like
more respectable and more trustworthy
when he's making himself look more
guilty you were involved with this girl
from age 16 to 18 think about the
devastating long-term consequences for
her and you shouldn't have to think too
hard big o because when you reflect on
your own life you've had to weak love
affairs that had a devastating emotional
impact for you also with every possible
trigger warning Edmond stated I do not
think the purpose of commentary on an
inn can possibly be condemnation I think
we have to come here on YouTube from
around the world to try to learn
something from this example to try to
learn something that we're gonna apply
to our own lives to our own moral
reasoning if we're not reflecting on
this and doing something a little bit
more meaningful than just condemning the
guy well I just say that condemnation
past the point of diminishing returns
several years ago I come and do a friend
sometimes BDSM is a smokescreen for
darker aspects of your personal life but
more often it's a smokescreen for the
fact that you were pouring the
middle-aged parent addicted to video
games who doesn't have much sex so yeah
whatever you have to say about me let it
not be that I'm a liar because I am
willing to prove two seemingly no end
that I'm telling the truth
it's one of them things in this world
that I hold most sacred and one of the
most disturbing things that she said to
me is we just had hate sex because at
one point it was aggressive and I'm like
how could you associate sex and the word
hate together
we're supposed to be in love why would
you call it hate sex there's a reason
you feel the way you do we were made for
each other you two love pain and me to
love inflicting it upon you I don't need
a woman I don't need a man I need a
piece of worthless trash on their knees
begging for more your eyes are beautiful
they look even better roll it into the
back of your head
promise me you won't pass out I want to
hear you scream stand in front of the
window over there the world should see
how pathetic and helpless you are I'm
going to humiliate you and right before
you lose consciousness I am going to
destroy you
you're so shy you're blushing how would
my teeth in your neck feel maybe I can
make your face pale again if I drain
enough of your blood Gregory what are
you now a vampire we're supposed to be
in love why would you call it hate sex
unless of course she actually hated me
I'm really big on this concept of
treating people as innocent until
they're proven guilty
however in an ins case we are almost
never dealing with unsubstantiated
allegations because at every stage of
his career he has come forward to
substantiate the allegations himself
even when he is in the course of
boasting about his own moral superiority
even when he's boasting about his own
purity so to speak those very boasts
tend to indict him or to confirm in
broad outlines what his accusers are
saying let's not even use the word
accusers what his ex-girlfriend's are
complaining about not too long ago I had
a poll on my Twitter account it spun off
from a discussion here on YouTube you
may or may not remember this asking for
suggestions for a new term meaning a
grandiose claim that ends up making the
speaker seem pathetic even in the act of
boasting or a boast that
intentionally condemns the speaker
showing him to be pathetic and his
conceit making him seem foolish by
taking pride in the same act yeah I
thought I thought wretch boast would be
the winner but as you can see it was
fumble brag that won by a landslide I
also have some fondness for ignominy
brag I know that would never take off
it's just too hard to say wretch boast
you could lean into that wreck
whereas ignominy brag looks good on
paper but not so great for saying it out
loud I guess my German audience went for
option three there we had a couple other
good suggestions yeah but a Nissen is
one of these guys with the presumption
of innocence is meaningless his manner
of boasting about his sex life and even
his manner of condemning his
ex-girlfriend's his manner of pointing
the finger back at his accusers and
claiming that they're terrible people it
serves to indict and humiliate and
embarrass him to a mind-blowing extent
I know people who go through rape are
far worse off than I am but I I laid
down thinking I was with one person and
I got up realizing who I was really with
and I felt extremely violated
I prefer you on your knees on a leash
screaming yes master now please this
world is made up of two forces me and
yang otherwise known as me and my
willing servant bowing before me
cleaning my feet with their quivering
tongue I don't want to blindfold you I
want you to see what I'm going to do to
you I don't want to sleep with you I
want to sleep with Dee you and you wait
your turn we all know that freak once
had this little harem I feel like this
tweet so it approves this if you want so
kissing
get a girlfriend I'm gonna hit a butt
and clothe my way in tea call my white
auntie auntie really like a cake I'm
sorry I know this is supposed to be
really serious and everything but I
can't help but laugh at this a lot of
the criticism currently directed at Greg
initia is focused on the guys many
flirtations with and many love affairs
with 17-year old girls eighteen year old
girls
at least one of whom he legally married
um but you know there were older women
in his history what I'm about to play
for you is a clip of him reflecting on
the disaster that was his love affair
with a 26 year old and it's an
instructive example in many ways I'll
give you a link below this video to the
very detailed very disturbing written
account she provided of what that
relationship was like I think it
establishes many of the psychological
patterns greg has that are independent
of the age of his lovers independent of
the page of his victims he might say but
what's most instructive here that I want
to draw attention to is this greg has a
tremendous capacity for self-pity in
reflecting on the long-term emotional
effects for him of falling in love and
of having an affair even if that affair
turn
to be short-term okay I don't think his
vulnerability is insincere he lies about
many things but that I think he's being
sincere about he comes out on camera
again and again and again and says he
really fell in love he really got his
heart broken and that this has long-term
effects for him in some sense changes
the way he feels about himself changes
who he is so and so forth why is he so
utterly lacking in any capacity to
sympathetically extend that
understanding to the women in his life
why is it hard for him to understand the
long-term impact for a girl who first
moved into his house when she was 16
years old a girl who started having
intercourse with him when she was 18
years old even if in some sense that
love affair was short term he knows how
devastating it can be for him long-term
to fall in love and so on why is he so
unwilling or why is he incapable of
extending that understanding
symmetrically and sympathetically to the
women whose lives he has with or without
any bad intentions devastated now quite
a few months ago I was rebounding I just
got out of a pretty heavy relationship
and I was not only lonely but desperate
as well the deadly combination and I
decided to date someone who had slept
with over 20 people prior to me 18 men
and three women according to her but I
overlooked this even though she had over
four times the amount of people in her
bed than I ever had to be only 26 and 2
I've slept with over 20 people is
ridiculous I talked to my mom I talked
to my sisters I talked to my friends
everybody was saying that it was a bad
idea to be with her because in their
opinion she was a total [ __ ] she never
really had sex for love other than three
times which should have been a problem
because I only have sex for love she
yelled at me when I was crying that she
mocked me for having emotions for being
in a bad state because I wasn't man
enough and of course she goes to sit
insinuate that when we did make love
that I was forcing her into it that I
was pressuring her into it and she
didn't really want to that's funny
coming from someone who slept with over
20 people that's really funny
every single person who has a legitimate
problem with me right now who was
formerly a friend or a lover was dumped
by me that says a lot of good things for
all the people who have been supporting
me all this time and it's amazing I did
not mention this earlier like I did not
say hey isn't this funny that all the
people I have rejected are pissed off at
me because let me break it down to you
guys like this I know a lot of you guys
have dumped friends in the past or dime
significant others and you go through
the same thing where they lash out at
you and blah blah blah but let me break
it down okay
if they had such a big problem with me
as they clearly have with me now why did
they stay in their relationship why did
they not dump me because I'm a great guy
that's why because I was good to them
because I took care of them because I
was loving supportive I did a lot for
them and then they betrayed me they lied
to me or stole from me or cheated on me
or did something like that and I said no
more I'm not putting up with this that's
in game to all the people who don't like
me game over I left all of them my love
should not be mistreated by people who
do not understand it
and while I was not very intelligent for
not bringing this up shan'er stating the
obvious in other words I was at least
smart enough to leave some much later
than I should have I gave some people
way too much of a chance but now I'm
learning and now that I've acknowledged
this fact I respect myself more than I
ever have before I left them for good
reasons and they could say whatever they
want now but it doesn't change the fact
that it was my choice he's bragging
about exactly what he should be ashamed
about he's boasting about the thing that
indict him the most now look let's play
devil's advocate for one second here
the kindest thing I can say to initiate
is I'm willing to believe he doesn't
just seek out and prey on seventeen year
olds or eight year old eighteen year
olds I'm actually willing to believe
that you know why because I think most
human beings on earth will take whatever
they can get and when he says he was
desperate and lonely and needy
I believe him that part I think is
honest I believe that a mission falls
into the category of the great majority
of humanity in that he will get whatever
he can take and he will take whatever he
can get and in this case it was a 26
year old woman and another case it was a
17 year old woman and so on and so forth
and yeah there are other things that
come into it like he's incredibly
immature and he spends all his time
playing video games so he kind of tends
to romance people who are incredibly
immature and play video games there were
other factors like you know when you're
dating women in their 30s
pretty much everyone worth taking has
already been taken I'm 40 years old if I
broke up with my current
friend I'd probably be dating women much
younger than myself because it's very
very difficult to find someone who is
available who's 40 years old and unless
you actually want to be a homewrecker
like unless you want to seduce someone
and break up the marriage they've
already got you know I'm not into your
options are limited so yeah you know if
you're single and you're over 40 you end
up dating people significantly younger
than 40 because that's who there is to
be dated but-but-but-but-but
Ann is Ian is like a man washing his
face in blood
he thinks she's making his face clean he
thinks she's presenting himself as like
more respectable and more trustworthy
when he's making himself look more
guilty you know a Nisshin whatever the
circumstances were that led you to get
into bed with this girl at 18 years old
and you know as far as I know everything
he did was legal immoral but legal the
morality is worth talking about the
ethics of worth talking but the most
damnable thing of all is he slept with
her for two weeks behind your wife's
back with your wife's disapproval that's
been affirmed by all sides there are
screen shots between an Sen and Kai he
did this shameful thing for two weeks
and then you kick the girl out okay you
were involved with this girl from age 16
to 18 think about the devastating
long-term consequences for her and you
shouldn't have to think too hard Big O
because when you reflect on your own
life you've had to weak love affairs
that had a devastating emotional impact
for you also that's how love is I mean I
think we're evolved to form these deep
connections and these deep bonds that
are ultimately about pregnancy and child
rearing and form
tribe and having that kind of trust and
mutual reliance that'll last a lifetime
and so you end up psychologically
scarred for a lifetime and a Nissen you
have many faults but this is not one of
them you know this from your own
experience and you've come on camera and
you boom owned it and you've reflected
on it at length so dude if you did this
thing legal or illegal with this girl
from age 16 to age 18 and then briefly
for two weeks or something you committed
to a relationship with the ER and you
were sleeping with her dumping her
discarding her at the end of that that
is yet a further ethically significant
decision you made perfectly legal also
deeply immoral that's gonna have
long-term consequences for her that you
can't imagine and it's with great
callousness and cruelty that you do not
imagine that you do not care that you
use up and discard one person after
another and then you come on the
internet and boast about it you present
yourself as the winner because you
discarded them before they could discard
you because you feel you're morally
superior to the people you slept with
and we know for a fact that a nishan is
watching this channel I have now had
repeated copyright strikes against the
channel from an isiand
I seriously doubt he's gonna take me to
court but he could get this video
deleted so thanks for showing up big oh
and you know the sad fact is I'm
actually a moderate critic of this guy
you know what I think the challenge of
life on Earth really is deeply flawed
imperfect people trying to love one
another you know what a 30 year old man
married to an 18 year old girl
yeah it's deeply flawed it's deeply
flawed
but you know what sometimes for some
people that's the best they can do when
you look around if you just get to know
people in real life and I understand the
21st century most people just see
glittering images on Instagram or here
on YouTube you don't really get to know
a lot of married couples but trust me
most married couples it started off with
them getting whatever they could take
and taking whatever they could get
deeply flawed imperfect human beings
struggling to love one another
struggling to make it work
despite terrible problems problems a lot
more terrible than an age gap I'm not
willing to come to the conclusion that
all age gap relationships are evil I'm
not even going to come to the conclusion
that all 30-year old men or dating women
I don't know eight or ten years younger
the more evil I'm really not working
from that hypothesis the hypothesis I'm
working from is instead that short-term
thinking resembles evil I think that
being self-centered self-indulgent and
thinking short-term is what has terrible
consequences for everyone because the
real impacts of love love with or
without sex the real impacts of love are
very long-term indeed and when you have
an age gap when one person is
significantly older than the other then
the responsibility for those long-term
consequences to be mindful of them to do
your best with all due sympathy
struggling with your own imperfections
and the other person's the
responsibility for really taking care of
those long-term consequences it falls
more and more on you as the older party
in that unequal relationship
[Music]